Text on this page is not and will not be translated

>> Disclaimer, Content Removal Regulations and Cookies Policy  << 
DMCA (Copyright) Complaint to SORS

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. 
In regards of Privacy Policy, Sors Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and 
shared when you visit or make a purchase from Subtitles Diving web sites and current one (the “Site”).

PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, 
including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. 
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about pages you visit and information about how you interact with 
the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using the following 
technologies: - “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, send as mail from contact section - “Log files” track actions occurring 
on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time 
stamps. - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally
when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, 
billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.” 
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. 
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the 
Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). 
Additionally, we use this Order Information to: - Communicate with you; - Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and - When in line with 
the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or 
services. - Potential web attacks - Potential count of web attacks and intrusion - Geo Location data We use the Device Information that we 
collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our 
Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our 
marketing and advertising campaigns). SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use 
the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can 
also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply 
with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise 
protect our rights. YOUR RIGHTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that 
your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact 
information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts 
we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. DATA 
RETENTION When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete 
this information. CHANGES We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for 
other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would 
like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at sorset@qq.com or by mail using the details provided below: Sors Bulgaria Last change:1.1.2019

The website offers direct downloads off our own server. These files are NOT illegal warez downloads, we only offer files that we believe we are 
free to redistribute. If any doubt occurs about the legality of any of our file downloads we will take them off right away after contacting us. We do 
not offer any kind of video/movie (avi, divx, xvid...) files or audio (mp3, wma, waw) files - we mainly provide movie's subtitles translated by users. 
Commercial use prohibited.

We make no gaurantees whatsoever, whether or not files/applications downloaded from our server works and/or contains virusses (but if it comes to our 
attention that any such thing is the case, we will, ofcourse, cease to offer the file in question for download).

Links
This website provides links to sites on the internet. These links are provided to assist visitors in finding resources relevant to their business. 
We have NO responsibility whether or not those links or downloads may or may not work. This website is not responsible for the privacy practices or 
the content of such Web sites. Please be aware that upon leaving our site, any further information disclosed will not be subject to the terms of our 
privacy policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other sites in order to ensure you are able to protect your rights in an informed manner.

This website also provides links/information on file-sharing utilities and p2p websites. We do NOT encourage copying of copyrighted material and we 
have NO responsibility for what people choose to share on those websites.

You have full personal responsibility if anything harmful happens to you or to your computer as a result of surfing this website and/or downloading 
and installing software from the net.

Traffic Statistics
We collect some information simply by monitoring traffic on the site. This information consists of IP addresses and other standard web server data 
(for example, web browser versions and the time that you visited our site). These statistics are not generally linked to personally identifiable information. 
Visitors who wish to withhold personally identifiable information will generally be able to do so.

Newsletters & Emails
We collect email addresses from our members in order to send out our network newsletter. We won't disclose your email address to anyone outside our 
network without your permission. If at any time, you feel the need to unsubscribe from our newsletter, you can do it from the link we provide in every 
newsletter. The unsubscribe from newsletter action brings automatically the suspend status for your account. If you wish at any time to activate again 
your account, just complete our web form, and we will activate it in the next 24 hours.

LEGAL INFORMATION
In regards of USA low - all output part of this site are used by the limited by fair use, low point 17 U.S. Code 107. 
This web site is used only for teaching purpose, evolution, developend, researching and sience researching of AI Machine Learn Technology and AI neurone network. 
All outputs are machine made (AI).

Human interaction, humant translation or human helping AI can not use original, offcial scripts or subscripts or subscripting or labels or transcription or any translation which is part of commircal licens.
If you have any information for original, offcial scripts or transcriptionor subscripts or subscripting or labels or any translation which is part of commircal licens, please inform as 
at sorset@qq.com to delete/remove content and prohibent any share or future use.

Disclaimer:
The creator of "the website" takes no responsibility or liability for anything that happens as a result of reading or downloading anything on this 
website or anything contained in subsequent pages. These documents may not be freely distributed and used for non-commercial, scientific and educational 
purposes. Commercial use of the documents available from this website is protected under the U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws.

Disclaimer of Endorsement:
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily 
constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by this website.

Disclaimer of Liability:
With respect to documents available from this website, neither this website nor its creator, makes any warranty, express or implied, including the 
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or 
usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights. 
Notice: Information from this server resides on a computer system funded by this website. The use of this system may be, and is, monitored for computer 
security purposes. Any unauthorized access to this system is prohibited and is subject to criminal and civil penalties under Federal Laws including but 
not limited to Public Laws 83-703 and 99-474. Also Note: For controversial reasons, if you are affiliated with any government, ANTI-Piracy group or any 
other related group, or were formally a worker of one you CANNOT enter this web site, cannot access any of its files and you cannot view any of the HTML 
files. If you enter this site you are not agreeing to these terms and you are violating code 431.322.12 of the Internet Privacy Act signed by Bill Clinton 
in 1995 and that means that you CANNOT threaten our ISP(s) or any person(s) or company storing these files, and cannot prosecute any person(s) affiliated 
with this page which includes family, friends or individuals who run or enter this web site. By continuing to surf this site, you are expressly and impliedly 
agreeing to all terms as stated above, and affirm that you are in compliance with all federal, state and local laws concerning the content of this site. 
By surfing this website, you Agree to all of the above, otherwise you must leave now.

Privacy Statement:
This website has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and 
dissemination practices for this Web site: this website Information Automatically Logged: We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to 
administer our Web site. Cookies: Our Site uses cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. Furthermore cookies 
are used to save your username, last visit, and other tracking information.

Advertisers:
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received 
with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. All advertising proceeds are used to maintain servers.

Registration Forms:
This website registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email), and unique identifiers (like their email). The customer's 
contact information is used to get in touch with the customer/user when necessary. Unique identifiers (such as email addresses) are collected from Web site visitors 
for use as account numbers in our record system.

PRIVACY POLICY
On the basis of the information (name and email) given voluntarily, our service is not able to identify the user.
By registration on this site, user agrees to receive emails from this service.
The service does not provide to any third party emails received from his users.
We protect your privacy and personal data when you visit our websites and use our products and services.
The service contacts with registered users via emails. Each sent message is considered delivered.

1. Definitions
The websites found under a common address www.subsdiv.info
User - a person who visits the website and uses the service.
Registered user - The user who has registered on the Website by entering his name and email.
Webmasters - those who are dealing with a regularity of the service.

2. General Provisions
Service is informative.
Use of the service is free of charge.
Service does not provide to any third party emails and other data received from his users.
Service contacts with registered users via emails. Each sent message is considered delivered.
The service has the right to delete so called dead account that is, those for which the authorized person is not logged within 6 months.
The service has the right to terminate account when the owner acted unethically and blameworthy.

3. User Permissions
User has the right to use information published on the Website.
By registration on this site, user agrees to receive emails from this service.

4. Webmasters duties
Webmasters have the right to edit or delete: post, comment if the content is offensive, has links to other Web sites, advertises a different solution, contains pornographic content.
Webmasters have the right to remove a comment if it does not concern the content, which has been issued.

5. Newsletter terms
As part of the above services, the Newsletter may be sent by web site in a cyclical manner.
Newsletter subscription is provided free of charge and accessible to all users of the service.
Newsletter is sent to registered users up to twice a month.
Newsletter includes the current offer of trade and commercial information about the operations and events on the web site network and its partners.
After completing the form, user will receive the link in the email sent automatically in order to verify the accuracy of the information provided during registration.
Each newsletter includes:
- Information about the sender
- Completed "subject" entry
- Information about how to unsubscribe
Each newsletter subscriber may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link present in each message footer.
LICENCE AGREEMENT (EULA)
BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON OR INSTALLING ANY VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE, YOU CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOME A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL 
OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS AND DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.

The web site warrants that he is sole owner of Open Subtitles MKV Player (the software), and that he has full power and authority to grant this licence herein without consent 
of any other party.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
EACH USER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT THE USER'S SOLE RISK. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE; NOR DOES HE MAKE ANY WARRANTY 
AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE. NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR ANYONE 
ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE 
SERVICE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR OUT OF ANY BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION BASED UPON 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CONDUCT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE.

LICENCE REGULATIONS
1. All attempts to defeat the software check are a violation of our copyright and strictly prohibited. If such attempts become known we reserve the legal right to prosecute the offending party.
2. Modification of a file that belongs to the Open Subtitles MKV Player package is strictly prohibited!
3. Disassembling, reverse engineering, translation, patching, hacking, or cracking of this software (including its associated files), as well as distribution of any material that encourages or assists in any of these activities is strictly prohibited. Any violation against this rule constitutes copyright fraud and may be subject to prosecution under copyright law.
4. Distribution for private and commercial use is allowed for free. Charging users for distributing the software is not allowed.
5. Your right to distribute does not include any right to [1] sublicense or otherwise cause any copying or distribution of the software by anyone else without our consent in writing, or [2] rent or lease the software, or [3] sell it as part of any hardware or software package.
6. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the software and all its earlier and future versions shall remain to web site. The software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and by international treaties.
7. This product uses open source software, distributed under the license of the Independent JPEG Group, and uses external ffmpeg library software distributed under the GPL/LGPL license. To read the unofficial translation of the GPL and LGPL go to the websites: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0-translations.html, http://www.gnu.org/licenses/ old-licenses/lgpl-2.1-translations.html
8. Title and related rights in the content accessed through the software is the property of the applicable content owner and is protected by applicable law. The licence granted under this agreement gives you no rights to such content.
9. This agreement and the licence granted hereunder will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with the limitations described herein.
web site Copyrights 2006-2016 by web site. All Rights Reserved.

Content Removal Regulations
We want you to know that we do not have any copyrighted or illegal content on web site. We are in correspondence with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and general international copyright laws.
However, we still can remove subtitle files from our site if the copyright owner would like us to do so. The following procedure will be performed if:

Send your Claim to sorset@qq.com
The Claim must be written in English language, it must be understandable and in polite form;
The Claim must be sent from a company mail, Claims sent from free service emails like AOL, Yahoo Gmail, etc. will be rejected;
You must present an evidence that shows that you are the copyright holder or that you are acting on behalf of the copyright holder;
You must present an evidence that shows that the content is legally copyrighted and that you are the copyright holder;
The materials that need to be removed must be provided in form of material name and links to direct subtitle pages. We don't accept links to search queries, categories or subcategories or media pages.
Provide sufficient contact information with a valid email address.
And the last thing you need to know is that after your request we will remove the subtitle file only from our website. Also we can't remove the torrent from other websites hosting it, even if the file has our name on it or in its description.

Good Copyright Claim example:
This is a notice in accordance with the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act (OCILLA) a part of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 requesting the service providers to be held strictly liable for the acts of their users & immediately cease the access to copyrighted material.
We have found an infringing material in your website which indeed is our movie 'The Movie' released worldwide on December 12th, 2011 and we own copyright to its subtitles (transcript).
The material that is claimed to be infringing is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled immediately and avoid the growth of piracy.
Below are the URL for your reference:
We have good faith & belief that the use of the described material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

The information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We hereby declare that the information in the notification is accurate to the best of our knowledge & belief.

Authorization letter of the copyright owner (or person/company representing): Link to the letter
A document proving that the materials are copyrighted and belong to owner (or person/company representing): Link to the document
Digital signature for copyright claim: Full info including address, phone, email and website.
Copyright owners: Full info including address, phone, email and website.
